hey guys uh merrell here so i know i
haven't done one of these in a very long
time and i usually don't do this type of
content like this videos all that first
one i did last one i did
was before tbc was even out actually so
be probably a year ago at this point
um but i know that the people that
actually usually do these uh this lists
are very busy right now and i thought i
could help a little bit by taking a
little bit of weight off their shoulder
uh and helping the community a little
bit
so today we're going to talk about again
phase 3 bis uh i'm going to give my take
on what i think a realistic setup is
and what you should prioritize and also
we're going to go over an idealized this
list with you know
this is hard best this is maximizing dps
you know full throttle
so
without further ado let's get into it
first item i really want to talk about
is curse vision of sargeras now curse
vision is
um i think one of like what people have
been dubbing like the big three this
year uh one of the most contested items
for all physical dps in tvc for this
year
uh it's curse vision it is madness of
the betrayer and stormrage's signet ring
i think that it is unlikely that you're
going to get all free if you do all
power to you and those three are all
definitely this this however if i had to
pick one of them
i would probably go with the cursed
vision of sargeras and the reason why
that is is because it is a pretty huge
increase over our second best helmet
which would be the helm of the
illiterate shatterer or the onslaught
battle helm uh depending on whether
you're using four piece or not probably
if you're using four piece then yes the
the onslaught better the better hum
would be better however our four piece
is actually
really not that impressive it's five
percent extra damage on blood versus
water strike which is good but when you
take into account the fact that blood
first across all rate is usually from
10 sorry not
nine to
11 percent of your total damage
you can see that this becomes not that
huge of an increase
what we end up having is a scenario
where individual dps pieces are actually
give more damage overall than going for
your set bonuses
so
and this is because we have very very
very strong individual off pieces which
are also plate so we don't have to
compete with them for anyone else other
than dps warriors
anyhow i digress we're still talking
about curse vision
it is a 20 dps upgrade over illidari in
most of the sims that i've run
just an incredible item overall and
it lasts you until the end of the game
so the next upgrade for cursed vision is
the crown of an esterian uh from
kojaiden or a koi for valyria from
kojiran as well if you want to go the
mayo option uh and by that point the
game is done the game's over
so
i would say uh curse vision out of the
bigfoot just because uh stormrage cygnet
you do have options for it that are uh
pretty good uh and you can replace it
next uh tier with uh primo rf from za um
also madness is a really good item
however the difference between tsunami
talisman and madness isn't that huge and
not getting madness now means that you
can probably have a better case for
yourself for when sunrail drops and you
really want that uh black and narrow
sliver
so that's uh point two uh and also
and that's why basically uh that's why
you really wanna go with cross vision um
i hope i've made my point clear anyway
i'll stop rambling and go on to the next
item which is the choker of serrated
blades uh really strong item gives us a
hundred subscriber armor pen which is
really good 37 stem which is really nice
70 attack power
in terms of straight dps
this isn't the best option as we'll see
later the choker of endless nightmares
actually is the best option however
if you go to a fight club people are
often talking about this go back and
forth the fact that choker eventless
nightmares doesn't have stem and it also
the fact that it gives you hit rating
which we really don't need you guys will
have loads of it in phase three gear uh
basically
they kind of take the some of the value
away from choker windows nightmares and
the fact that it's also contested right
so
those factors combined kind of uh uh
lead us towards shocker threaded blades
which is also a trash drop so it is
going to be more plentiful and you are
going to be more likely to get it
than choker of enlistment which just
drops from a boss supremas
also it's a really good neck for pvp so
keep that in mind
our next option is the onslaught
shoulder blades and also shoulder blades
the the
shoulders are amazing
really really really good item uh though
they are also highly contested uh there
really isn't a second option for this
you're really gonna want them and so
because they are highly contested and
because our tier is the most contested
tier token because we're sharing it with
hunters and we're sharing with shamans
this is an item that you really want to
prioritize
i also think if i'm not mistaken hunters
really want their shoulders so again
something to keep in mind if you're in a
guild and you have to play things
strategically highly advised to uh go
for these uh up high in your list also a
really good upgrade over the current
piece that we have which are in t5
shoulders
next up is the shadow one destroyer
straight
really good item however
highly highly highly contested it's
basically best
for
most of the classes most of the physical
damage dealers uh end this year so it's
going to be highly tested
one thing that i would like to know is
that the upgrade
from shadow wound destroys rape to
vengeance trap isn't that huge right so
you're actually completely fine with
just rocking vengeance strap uh or if
you have um look at the pit soccer or
black iron uh better cloak
any of those you can still rock it um
the dps upgrade isn't that huge it's
around 8 dps from what i've sent
um so keep that in consideration
but uh what i would also really want
like to point out is the fact that next
patch with z8 we get dora is embraced
and dory's embrace is a really really
really good cloak 120 112 armor pen
um and so and you can buy it with badges
so it's guaranteed uh so really i
wouldn't stress too much over shadow
moon destroyers if you get it sure
that's cool
but if not in a little bit you're gonna
have a guaranteed option to switch to uh
which is basically just as good
next up we have the onslaught
breastplate which is an amazing item uh
like we said 50 free strength 34 agi 54
stamp free sockets 126 summer pen
um
we want this there's no second option
that comes close
and again this is a contested items with
hunters if i'm not mistaken so keep that
into consideration if you're going to
prioritize your items strategically this
is one to put high as well
next up we have wrists wrists are the
most inconsequential item
in all of this phase
and to make things better for us
actually uh we have four really good
options we have
a few shackles we can keep using racers
eradication we can use the cuffs or we
can use
the lightning reflexes which are not
here for some reason
let's see
there we go bindings of lightning
reflexes these are boe
meaning that
it's super easy to get them um you just
need to craft it it's super easy to
craft yeah they're not too expensive so
if you go with any of these like
lightning reflexes eradication deadly
cuffs with steel or fury shackles uh
these are all really good options so i'm
not going to spend too much time when i
pick any of the roots that you want it's
whatever
right for weapons we have our trusty
dragon strike you should have this
uh just insane item if you don't get
glaives you're not replacing it until
sunwell wanted to uh with muramasa
um and then for offhand we have the
vengeful gladiator slicer which is
really good really high dps gives us a
number pen so
for the offhand i would really work
towards this one
and
not much to say about weapons if you
don't get glazed this is as good it's
gonna get
for the glove slot we have the grips of
sound justice and this is just an absurd
item it's incredible
two sockets 175 armored pen we really
want this
if you have
no other dps warriors in a raid you're
laughing all the way to the bank uh
you're just gonna get this for free and
you're gonna be super happy about it
however if you do have other warriors in
your raid this is an item that i think
is worth prioritizing um
if uh
if i'm playing with like multiple fury
warriors in the guild or if i have
myself in an arms warrior this one would
be would actually be one of the items
that would prioritize the most
especially because it is a single drop
item and bosses in phase three actually
have huge loot tables so you run the
risk of not getting these for a very
long time and when they drop you really
do want them so this is kind of the
mindset that you need to have for all
the plate specific items that we're
gonna look at
if you have multiple warriors you should
prioritize them because you want to get
the first one because they're really
really really good
so moving on to belts
uh again about of 100 deaths insane item
you're not going to replace it until
sunwell however if you don't have it you
can keep rocking the red belt of battle
or you can use the if you don't have it
somehow
you can use the belt of stephen fury
these two aren't really that much far
off
so i will honestly just stick with the
red bit of battle uh however you really
want the 100 thefts um that's for sure
next up we have an insane item in
leggings of divine retribution
350 armor pen is just absurd on a single
item
you absolutely want these like i said if
you have if you're the only dps warrior
in your guild you're laughing all the
way to the bank because you're going to
get all these sick items by default
reminder that your rats do not want
these items at all they want a
completely different set of items so
you're super pumped about it however if
you do have
more than one dps warrior raid which
might be the case then i would highly
advise to place this item really really
really high on your list
same goes for the dread boots of legion
of the legion sorry
again really really good item for the
strength 40 stem two sockets crit rating
hit rating
good socket bonus you want these these
are actually a huge upgrade over the
boots that we have around and the i
think if i'm not mistaken this is around
uh
28 dps or so which for a boot slot is
just absurd so again highly recommend
getting these
and just for comparison's sake divine
retribution from what i've said
is around 32 to 45 dps upgrade
silent grips are around
some justice sorry around uh 20 to 21
dps upgrade so again these items are
extremely worth it for you to value
highly
even if they're played and there's only
like a couple people and you're gonna
get them
anyways uh next up we're going to plug
rings
um unstoppable aggressor's ring is your
second
best
ring this tier
however
it's basically going to be given to you
for free uh really really good ring um
if again
contrary to what we just talked about on
the plate um
i personally wouldn't prioritize this
ring super highly uh because while it is
a pretty significant dps upgrade from
anywhere from 16 to 18 dps um
you're the only person that wants it
so i if i had to pry out i would
probably play pieces first and then pry
out this ring especially because we
actually have some really decent options
for rings you can keep using the band of
manager general
the band of devastation
is a trash drop which is really good and
also we can use the bed of the eternal
champion which is really not that bad
especially if the
procreate is higher than what you think
it's going to be
so rings you have a lot of flexibility
here and this is also the reason as to
why i didn't include stormrage signet
ring in my in this list because it is
extremely sought after however we do
have very good secondary options uh and
to me it's just not worth getting this
item over a cursed vision for instance
so that's what i would point out uh the
exception the exception is if you're
really into pvp then this item is pretty
insane it's a really good pvp item
um so that's just something to keep in
mind and also the fact
not even just counting the fact that we
have other options we do have the
segment of primal raft that comes with
za
that is really close to somewhere each
signal ring so that's something to keep
in mind as well uh even if you don't get
it now you might have you will have the
opportunity to get an item that's almost
as good uh nza which is going to be a
lot easier to get since the a is a
10-minute instance so i hope that closes
that out
you're going to find trophy hopefully
you have this if not i'm sorry i still
don't have it i try it every day please
roll
um keep it it's going to be your best
and soft drink it until reflux came
now the second item that i would say in
this reasonable
business for phase 3 is tsunami talisman
and that is over madness of the betrayer
and it goes back to what we talked about
where
really
the dps upgrade of madness over tsunami
talisman is not big enough for it to
justify how contested it is for us and
again this is my opinion and this is
from my sims that i've run so maybe i've
completely messed it up and maybe i
don't know what i'm talking about
however
if i had to prioritize an item it
wouldn't be madness i would leave it to
other people like hunters who really
wanted for instance i know this is like
really integral to how they hit their
hit rating for instance and for us it
really doesn't matter that much
so
again meta's really really good item yes
is it worth it to prioritize over
something else probably not in my
opinion and also consider the fact that
uh if you're lucky enough to have
a badge for instance
you're actually going to use badge
quite often as your second trinket with
dst especially in cleve fights and so
that's something to consider as well and
in that case you'd be taking madness out
and it would lose a lot of its value
another thing to consider is the fact
that if you get madness now
uh then while somebody comes around
black black and narrow sliver drops
and are you going to give it to the
person who has dsc and madness or are
you going to give it to the person who
has
dst and then the last trinket that they
got was all the way in sse right
that's something to keep in mind if you
want to play this more strategically
personally i wouldn't really go for
madness just because um i don't think
the dps upgrade is worth it over tsunami
and i think it leaves you in a worse
position for when sunrail drops which
brings again one of the best trinkets in
the game in black another sliver
so that's why i went with tsunami
talisman
and then twisted blades of zarak
no one wants us like you're gonna get it
no one cares about this item it's
whatever
so
that's kind of wraps up the
uh realistic expectations for phase
three again really reinforcing that
should really go for a cursed vision
this should be a high prio because
everyone wants this
uh and it's your like
largest upgrade of your second best
i would also really focus on the
onslaught breastplate and the onslaught
shoulder blades
because again your tier token is very
contested however these drop every time
right so like these dropping often you
get two tokens per run um eventually
you're gonna get these
with these with sound justice with
divine retribution with dread boots of
the legion
the loot tables are really huge and you
might get really unlucky there's people
that haven't seen a dst yet you could
just be the person that hasn't that will
not see a leggings of divine retribution
for all of a3 it could happen and if
that happens you if you if you only
happen to see one you really want to be
the person that gets it so i would
highly highly highly recommend
uh if you have multiple abs warriors in
your guild uh prioritizing these really
highly um like even higher than
onslaught breastplate even higher than
onslaught shoulder blades honestly um i
would really prioritize i would have
something like first vision one
retribution two seven grips three
dry boots four something like that
uh ben of the devastation again really
good on top of regressors you're gonna
get her for free um
and yeah i i kind of hope that i know i
rambled a little bit at the end there
but i hope that i've made what my
philosophy is when it comes to
which upgrades you should go for which
upgrades you should pass on and why that
is
now that we've seen what the realistic
version of this is if you are i don't
know man like gm raid lead officer
whatever
um of your guild and you can just scam
all of your guild you know and you don't
give a [__]
then this is the absolute best setup
that you can get for dps
dps wise strictly
we're gonna go for the deadly cuffs
they're like a little bit better than
the other options um depending on which
team you have trigger vendor sight
mirrors again a little bit better than
serrated blades but have no stamp have a
lot of hit
storm weight signal again a little bit
better than the other all of our other
options
and the same with madness over tsunami
talisman
um i will stress also the fact that
these two items were glazed
by themselves
they
give you a larger gps increase
than any of these other items
in this tier
so if you can only prioritize getting
one item
or well a set of items rather then war
glades are it
of course this is not going to be
attainable for
most people
some people you know know who's getting
glitter ahead of time all that kind of
stuff i'm not going to go into who
should get glades that's a different
discussion
but
suffice to say that
if you can only get one thing in the
entire tier it's glades and that's it
so
i hope i've made that clear
and i hope this kind of helps you and
kind of like picking which items that
you want which is going to prioritize if
you're using
that's my best or onslaught or whatever
system you utilize
and i hope that you enjoy this type of
content um i know i've been away for a
very long time
i kind of had i almost stopped playing
for a while actually
i was just really burnt out and so now i
started playing again and having fun
again and because of that i'm making
videos again so if you want to see more
content like this please uh do leave a
like and subscribe it does really help i
know everyone says that but it's true uh
and if you have any questions uh drop
them down below
i mean tell me which item you're gonna
prioritize i guess you know there's a
lot of options the jump dps jump from
phase two best to phase three best
is so much higher than the dps jump from
phase one best to phase two this people
don't know how much dps warriors are
actually gonna start pumping
and it's gonna be a lot a lot of fun to
play
so that's it guys hope you enjoyed it
and i will catch you in the next time